modify the description of latencies for logging plugins (#5188)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/plugins-hub/json-object-log.md

   there is a `ws_id` on services and routes that reference the workspace ID.
* `consumer` contains the authenticated Consumer (if an authentication plugin has been enabled).
* `latencies` contains some data about the latencies involved:

>   * `proxy` is the time it took for the final service to process the request. In other word, it is the time elapsed between transfering the request to the final service and when Kong started receiving the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `proxy` is the time it took for the final service to process the request. In other words, it's the time elapsed between transferring the request to the final service and when {{site.base_gateway}} started receiving the response.
```

>   * `kong` is the internal Kong latency that it took to process the request. It varies on the actual processing flow. Generally, it consists of three parts:
>     1. time it took for finding out the right upstream;
>     2. time it took for receiving the whole response from upstream;
>     3. time it took for running all plugins executed before log phase;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `kong` is the internal {{site.base_gateway}} latency that it takes to process the request. It varies based on the actual processing flow. Generally, it consists of three parts:
    * The time it took to find out the right upstream.
    * The time it took to receive the whole response from upstream.
    * The time it took to run all plugins executed before the log phase.
```

>   * `kong` is the internal Kong latency that it took to process the request. It varies on the actual processing flow. Generally, it consists of three parts:
>     1. time it took for finding out the right upstream;
>     2. time it took for receiving the whole response from upstream;
>     3. time it took for running all plugins executed before log phase;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `kong` is the internal {{site.base_gateway}} latency that it takes to process the request. It varies based on the actual processing flow. Generally, it consists of three parts:
    * The time it took to find out the right upstream.
    * The time it took to receive the whole response from upstream.
    * The time it took to run all plugins executed before the log phase.
```
